well how do you internet people let's
bow again
so tonight I'm not gonna talk about
anything you expected me to talk about
when I make these videos I try to bring
an original idea to the table to the
conversation at the very least I try to
bring a concept or idea to people that
may not have heard it otherwise I can't
do that I don't make a video so I'm not
gonna talk about the fact that I called
Trump a fascist in the morning and by
evening he was giving a speech using the
same tactics that Hillary used although
that's funny not gonna fact-check him
debunk what he said other people would
do that now I want to talk about
something a little bit more subtle
something in his speeches I think most
people missed and may not understand the
importance of the end of it he said I
swore an oath to protect our country and
that is what I'll always do so help me
God
that's a great that is a propagandist
dream statement right there nationalism
patriotism eternal vigilance a religious
duty the the desire to defend your
nation man big brother looking out for
you to cry your honor bound to do this
it's fantastic except he never took an
oath to defend the country now he took
an oath to preserve protect and defend
the Constitution of the United States
the very document he's been trying to
undermine the very document he's
currently trying to do an end run around
and it's important and I know right now
there's people's hem bow you're kind of
splitting hairs here you know country
constitutional it's pretty much the same
thing it's not when people come up with
these oaths they agonize over every word
the reason you swear an oath to the
Constitution rather than the country
is that any two-bit thug can get elected
any two-bit thug can seize power you
still defend it the reason you swear an
oath to the Constitution is because the
Constitution and the ideas and it are
more important than the country one day
the United States will cease to be like
all empires it will fall but the ideas
in the Constitution must live on see we
take it for granted today we really do
we take it for granted and it's hard to
really grasp how revolutionary pun kind
of intended that document is on two
levels the first is the idea of a
government of the people that was I mean
just groundbreaking it was laughable it
was laughable the idea that would even
work self-governance give me a break
let it's still here you know there's
probably people right now going boh you
know there was a pretty messed up stuff
in the Constitution all right and yeah
there was there was and the fact that
institutions like slavery are gone but
the Constitution remains is the other
groundbreaking thing about it it
included the machinery for change it
included the machinery for change you
know we look at the founding fathers
they were not perfect men by any means
you know Thomas Jefferson perfect
example brilliant man brilliant man
unquestionable also a slaver and a
rapist slaver for certain rapists like
99% certain they weren't mythical people
they were flawed
and yeah he didn't even free his own
slaves but do you know what he said
about slavery he said it was a moral
depravity and a hideous blocked that
would one day have to be undone and they
included the machinery for change that
included that in the Constitution it's a
living document it is a living document
and you know there are people who who
know me you know my laughable ideal of
what the world should be like one day
they're like I don't even understand how
you can even care about the Constitution
and the world you want it'd be kind of
irrelevant and I guess that's one way to
look at it I guess that is one way to
look at it another way to look at it is
that it's fulfilling it it's fulfilling
it you know it said that when fascism
comes to the United States it'll be
wrapped in a flag and carrying a cross
certainly seems to be true I believe
that when freedom comes to the world
that'll originate here it'll have that
made in u.s. a stamp on it because we
have the machinery for change and I'm
not talking about spreading democracy
with bombs I'm talking about real
freedom real freedom you know
the idea of no government of people
behaving ethically without having a
government gun pointed at them it's
laughable people in competition with
each other peaceful competition but with
an eye towards the betterment of
humanity as a whole it's laughable and
that's fine I don't think it'll happen
in my lifetime I'm okay with that but I
think that should be the goal the goal
should be an end to government the goal
should be for man to advance for
humanity to advance to a point where
it's unnecessary and yeah that may seem
like a slap in the face to this document
that I've been talking about but it's
really not the philosophical granddaddy
of the American Revolution was a man
named Thomas Paine Thomas Paine wrote
pamphlets
he's another brilliant man with some
problems one of my favorite quotes from
him was the government even in its best
state it was but a necessary evil no
getting rid of government is not
destroying the Constitution it's
carrying it to his logical conclusion
the day we the people can ensure
tranquility provide for the common
defense promote the general welfare and
secure the blessings of liberty
everywhere be good day be good day
but today we don't live in that world
within a different world
if ever the time should come when vain
and aspiring men possess the highest
seats in government our country will
stand in need of its experienced
Patriots that was Samuel Adams it's a
very relevant quote for today it's a
battle cry for today because it is today
today is the time you got to start using
your voice often to speak out against
the end justices that you see and speak
out against the corruption and
government that you see and the
undermining of that promise of that
document that possess that machinery for
change and we got to do it and we can do
with videos and Facebook post now or one
day our kids are gonna have to do with
bullets and lampposts anyway it's just a
thought God good night